# きっずふれんず（Child's friends）
#### Video Demo:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_6dHoeXF9g
#### Description:

Hello. 
Welcome to Taihei's final project!- "Kids Friends."

I made an app called "Kids Friends" for my final project. This app allows parents and children to chat and play together. 
The child registers one account and the parent registers multiple accounts to act as the child's conversation partner. 
When I was a kid, I thought it would be fun to talk with stuffed animals, imaginary people, and pets, so I created this 
app.

When you open this app, you will first see the account registration screen. On the account registration screen, you need 
to enter your photo, email address, password, and username. The email address must be an email address, and the password 
must be at least 6 characters long to register. Click the Register button to complete the registration. Also, the photo, 
email address, password, and username you register here will be saved in firebase. For users who have already registered, 
there is a "Already registered child" button that will take you to the login screen. On the login screen, enter your 
e-mail address and password. If you want to create a new account, click the "Create new account" button. If you want to 
create a new account, go to the account registration screen, where you will find the "Not yet registered" button. If you 
want to create a new account, there is a "Child who has not yet registered" button that will take you to the account 
registration screen. Pressing the "Record" button or "Log-in" button will take you to the chat list screen.

The chat list screen shows the chat list of the accounts registered in firebase. Each person's chat list in the chat list
screen shows their registered photo, username, latest sent content, and time. Click the "Add Friend" button in the upper 
right corner of the Chat List screen to add a new friend chat list to the Chat List screen. Click the Logout button in 
the upper left corner of the Chat List screen to go to the account registration screen. Your registered username will be 
displayed at the top of the chat list screen. Clicking on the chat list of each person will take you to the individual 
chat room screen.

You can enjoy conversations in the chat room screen. Press the keyboard bar at the bottom of the chat room screen to 
display the keyboard. Use the keyboard to enter the message you want to send, then click the Send button to have the 
message pop up on the right side of the chat room screen. All the information you send will be saved in firebase. The 
content sent by the other party will be popped up on the left side of the chat room screen. This will also be saved in 
firebase. The time the message was sent will also pop up at the same time as the message and will be saved in firebase. 
Click on your username button in the upper left corner of the chat room screen to go to the chat list screen. If you go 
back to the chat list screen and click on another registered friend's chat list, you will be able to talk with that 
friend. In this way, parents can play the role of their children and enjoy the conversation. 

This is all about my app, and I hope that parents and children all over the world will enjoy playing with this app.

